hi this is Luke and this is my quick
video on the Samsung C pen which was
originally designed for the galaxy s3
but works perfectly on the galaxy s4 as
well so I'm going to be giving you a
quick demo with it on the galaxy s4 now
this is a genuine Samsung product as you
can see from the brand on there it's
made by Samsung himself it's got sort of
the titanium grey design to it that has
been seen on a lot of Samsung devices
themselves so a really fine tip which is
the main advantage of the c-pen it's not
got the big fat capacitive tip you know
is a capacitive tip but it's really thin
which helps you get a much more precise
and accurate grip on the screen now it's
also quite weighted as well so it's
really comfortable to use and hold it's
not too heavy but you know things that
are too light might not be as easy to
use on screen I'm going to show you a
bit now I'm really not going to go into
too much detail but I'm sure you can see
from here just how easy it is to use and
how accurate is I mean I'm standing up
so it can be a bit trickier to write
anyway but I'm going to go into S Memo
and into drawing mode so that's on there
and I'm really got anything to draw so
I'll just you know suffer right so if
you can read my handwriting I hope you
can anyway I'm not the neatest of hand
writers by a long shot so I'm sure you
can see just how accurate this stylus is
especially compared to the other ones
you know the ones with the big bulky
tips you really can't get into the
corners if you're putting things like
Draw Something and things like that you
really can't get into the corners I know
that's an old app now but you know you
can really really accurate and you know
that was just writing I mean you can
draw anything you want really haven't
got anything that I can draw so house is
the first thing that comes to my mind
you know this is absolutely shocking I
mean I'm looking through the lens of the
camera
I mean if you like that drawer and I'm
sure you do then please like this video
you know this is a brilliant drawing ass
world class I'm sure you will agree now
that brings the review to an end I mean
the stylus can be used for a loader
thing is not just drawing but if you've
got problems with your hands around
then you can much more accurately use
the screen so if you've liked this video
at all or if you found it useful then
please click like let me know your
thoughts in the comments below and
subscribe to my channel if you're
interested in regular and more
interesting Samsung Galaxy s4 videos